packages/components/src/components/Toggle/Toggle.docs.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as ComponentStories from './Toggle.stories';
import { IressAlert } from '../../main';
import {
  ComponentExample,
  ComponentOverview,
} from '@iress-oss/ids-storybook-config';

<Meta of={ComponentStories} />

# Toggle

<ComponentOverview
  description="Toggles allow users to turn things on or off. When toggled, the associated change happens straight away."
  of={ComponentStories.Default}
  meta={ComponentStories}
/>

## Usage

Toggles are typically on / off switches, similar to a household light switch. They allow users to choose between two mutually exclusive options, and will always have a default value.

The `IressToggle` component should only be used for actions that happen immediately, for example switching a device's WiFi connection on or off.

<IressAlert status="warning" heading="Don't use Toggles in forms" mb="xl">
  Toggles shouldn’t be used as part of a form as they don’t have the correct
  semantics, and won’t submit a value when the form data is submitted. If you
  need a toggleable component in a form, use a checkbox or radio group instead.
</IressAlert>

### Labels

Toggles should always have a label, which is set via its `children`.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Default} />

### Hidden labels

Labels can be hidden via the `hiddenLabel` prop; this will hide the label from view, but it'll still be available to screen reader users.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.HiddenLabel} />

### Checked

The on / off state of the toggle can be controlled by setting the `checked` prop.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Checked} />

### Layout

The `layout` prop allows you to control the position of the label in relation to the control. The default layout is `inline`, but you can also choose the following options:',

- `inline-between` similar to inline, but this positions the label and control at opposite ends of their container
- `inline-reverse` renders the label after the control instead of before the control
- `stack` positions the label above the control

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Layout} />

Commit message:

fix: update usePushElement hook to allow intentional style modifications
fix: add eslint disable comments for refs in Tab component

fix: refactor TabSet component to use useRef for previous styles

fix: simplify ToastAnimated component by removing unnecessary useRef

docs: clarify controlled vs uncontrolled usage in Toggle documentation

feat: enhance Toggle stories with controlled component example

refactor: update Toggle component to use useControlledState for better state management

test: add test case for getTransitionDuration to handle zero duration

fix: ensure getTransitionDuration returns fallback for zero duration

refactor: optimize LoadingSuspense component by removing unnecessary state

refactor: improve ComponentLoading component by simplifying loading logic

refactor: update PageLoading component to streamline showIndicator logic

refactor: enhance useEstimatedProgressValue hook for better progress handling

refactor: clean up useShouldRenderLoading hook to avoid unnecessary delays

refactor: update Loading mocks to simplify state management

chore: update yarn.lock to remove unused TypeScript ESLint dependencies

packages/components/src/components/Toggle/Toggle.docs.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as ComponentStories from './Toggle.stories';
import { IressAlert } from '../../main';
import {
  ComponentExample,
  ComponentOverview,
} from '@iress-oss/ids-storybook-config';

<Meta of={ComponentStories} />

# Toggle

<ComponentOverview
  description="Toggles allow users to turn things on or off. When toggled, the associated change happens straight away."
  of={ComponentStories.Default}
  meta={ComponentStories}
/>

## Usage

Toggles are typically on / off switches, similar to a household light switch. They allow users to choose between two mutually exclusive options, and will always have a default value.

The `IressToggle` component should only be used for actions that happen immediately, for example switching a device's WiFi connection on or off.

<IressAlert status="warning" heading="Don't use Toggles in forms" mb="xl">
  Toggles shouldn’t be used as part of a form as they don’t have the correct
  semantics, and won’t submit a value when the form data is submitted. If you
  need a toggleable component in a form, use a checkbox or radio group instead.
</IressAlert>

### Labels

Toggles should always have a label, which is set via its `children`.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Default} />

### Hidden labels

Labels can be hidden via the `hiddenLabel` prop; this will hide the label from view, but it'll still be available to screen reader users.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.HiddenLabel} />

### Checked

The on / off state of the toggle can be controlled by setting the `checked` prop (for controlled components). If you want an uncontrolled component, you can set the `defaultChecked` prop instead to set it checked by default.

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Checked} />

### Layout

The `layout` prop allows you to control the position of the label in relation to the control. The default layout is `inline`, but you can also choose the following options:',

- `inline-between` similar to inline, but this positions the label and control at opposite ends of their container
- `inline-reverse` renders the label after the control instead of before the control
- `stack` positions the label above the control

<ComponentExample of={ComponentStories.Layout} />
